Do you want to make money working online? With Hotmart, you have two ways to do this. Or as a producer, or as an affiliate. Today we're going to show you how to make your first sale as an affiliate at Hotmart. Let's go? Affiliates are those people who work promoting other people's online courses and receiving a commission for each sale made. Most products on Hotmart accept affiliates. To be a successful affiliate, you need to follow go a few basic steps and pay attention to various details. It also takes a lot of work and the awareness that this activity does not bear fruit overnight. The first thing to do is sign up for Hotmart. So what you need to do is click here to register and then our Hotmart registration screen will open. You have the option to sign up either with your Facebook account, or you can sign up your name here. So you put your name, your email and underneath you choose. A the password. Okay? Click continue and you're done. And then, when you enter the platform, you click here in the market section. Here you will see all the courses available on the Hotmart platform. Among the courses that accept affiliations, there are two types. Open affiliation courses, meaning anyone can join and start selling. Or courses with moderate affiliation. In moderate affiliation, you need to apply for your affiliation. And the producer may or may not accept it. The second thing to do is to define nir which niche in the market you will work. Choose courses on a subject that you have mastered, that you have knowledge of. Even if just a little. This is important for you to be able to create content and promotional materials on the subjects of interest to potential buyers. After that, you'll search the Hotmart platform to find out which courses are worth joining. To do this, you need to look at five factors. Temperature, Blueprint, Satisfaction, Amount of commission per sale, and the form of commissioning. I'm going to explain each of these factors now, one by one. So I'm going to enter here and I'm going to click here on the wine course, Salud, okay? Satisfaction is the evaluation of the course according to those who have already purchased it. If you join courses with a high satisfaction rating, you are less likely to have customers who are dissatisfied with the product you sold. So a product that has high satisfaction, the chance of it having a refund request is much lower than the products that have sat low isfaction. That is, they are poorly evaluated. For your buyers, right? The temperature, it's a Hotmart index, okay? So this means that we will evaluate all the things that that product has good and bad, from the point of view of numbers, so that we can put it higher or lower in the market. That is, if the product has a lot of sales, product open to membership, many affiliates, many sales per affiliate, low reimbursement, low chargeback, consequently it it'll be warmer. Now this is not to say that the product that is colder is a bad product. It means that it is a product that suddenly has not yet been noticed, well perceived by people. Or because it is a product that suddenly the producer has not yet put much sales effort on it. So the temperature, it indicates how this product is being evaluated by the market at that moment. But that's not to say that you don't have good opportunities with a product with a low temperature. And nat urally, the products that are warmer, they tend to attract more affiliates. So, the hotter, the more affiliates. There was once a client of ours who left his membership open in one day and was in a warmer place, and he had 3,000 affiliates in one day. So, imagine that if the product is very hot, naturally you will have more competition to sell it. The blueprint represents the quality of the information registered by the product creator. So the more relevant and detailed the information about the product, the bigger the blueprint will be. Products with a high blueprint tend to make good promotional materials available to affiliates. And a higher ratio between the commission per sale and the final price. Now speaking of promotional materials. So, it is very worthwhile to evaluate the product that you will promote for the quality of the materials that the producer makes available to you. The main work material you will have is the sales page. So, don't forget to av combine with a lot of criteria the quality of the sales page that the producer makes available so you can work. So, here in the open course window, you go over and you go down to the bottom of the page here, which will be the sales page. Just click on view and then you will reach the product sales page. To assess whether a page is good, it is focused on conversion, so first you have to see if it is removing all objections to the purchase of that product, if it has a call to action button, right, that we call, which is the call to action, right, that is, it has a visible button, easy for people to click, it has to talk about the price,